Martha has finally tracked down dominant
silverback Rocinha and he's got problems
of his own two of his females seem to be
showing a little too much interest in
the chess beats from the other group
both of them are looking towards the
sounds of the other day that these
females may try to sneak away to join
the other group
Rutina will do everything he can to stop
them this is a time where Regina is
likely to be very vigilant to make sure
that these females stay with him Regina
knows these females can't go anywhere
while he's guarding so the wise leader
holds his ground while foolhardy marimbo
does the fighting on his behalf
surprisingly young Moran Bo's efforts
seemed to be working
the chess beats from the other group
fade away into the forest
bruised and battered mer Ambo is
exhausted but for one little gorilla
MIRR ambos efforts have been worthwhile
little panocha is back
none the worse for wear but it's his
mother that marimbo is trying to win
favor with and she doesn't seem the
least bit impressed
you